hb's leader Hassan nasah established his
group's argument for the involvement in
the war in Gaza though he said that his
group is now completely involved in this
war he was clear at saying that the
Lebanese front is yet a side
front regarding the Lebanese front we
entered the battle on October 8th for
those who are asking Hezbollah to engage
in open Warfare what is happening the
Border may appear moderate but that is
not the case what is happening on our
front has not been seen since 1948 even
during the July 2006 War the Islamic
resistance in Lebanon is waging a real
battle that's only left by those in the
Border areas the fighters and the
residents some in Lebanon say that we
are taking risks this is true but this
adventure is
just Nas's speech gave an impression
that his group regards this war as a
long one and therefore he drew red lines
when it came to Gazza but also he kept
vague on some issues while holding the
United States responsible for the
possibility of this conflict sliding
into a regional
War I tell the Americans that if you
want to prevent a regional War you must
quickly stop the aggression in Gaza
nasah also warned the United states that
it's going to pay the price for the war
in Gaza Ali Hashim Al jaaz nakura South
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer